README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<h3 align="center">Material Design Light</h3>

  <p align="center">
    CSS Framework for Material Design 3
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.materialdesignlight.com/"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/issues">Report bug</a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.materialdesignlight.com/"><img alt="Website" src="https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.materialdesignlight.com%2F"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/actions"><img alt="GitHub branch checks state" src="https://img.shields.io/github/checks-status/mdlightdev/material-design-light/main"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/blob/main/LICENSE"><img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/mdlightdev/material-design-light"></a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/material-design-light"><img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/material-design-light"></a>
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/mdlightdev/material-design-light"><img alt="Packagist Version" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/mdlightdev/material-design-light"></a>
    <a href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/MaterialDesignLight/"><img alt="Nuget" src="https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/MaterialDesignLight"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/blob/main/dist/css/material-design-light.min.css"><img alt="GitHub file size in bytes" src="https://img.shields.io/github/size/mdlightdev/material-design-light/dist/css/material-design-light.min.css?label=CSS%20minified%20size"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/blob/main/package.json"><img alt="Libraries.io dependency status for GitHub repo" src="https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/mdlightdev/material-design-light"></a>
</p>
</div>

# About

Material Design Light is a lightweight CSS framework that implements the [Material Design 3](https://m3.material.io/) to
the full extent.

The project is heavily work in progress and offers zero support or assurances on anything.

## Quick start

Several quick start options are available:

- [Download the latest release](https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/releases/latest)
- Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light.git`
- Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/material-design-light): `npm i material-design-light`
- Install
  with [Composer](https://packagist.org/packages/mdlightdev/material-design-light): `composer require mdlightdev/material-design-light`
- Install with [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MaterialDesignLight/): `Install-Package MaterialDesignLight`

## What's included

Within the download you'll find the following directories and files, logically grouping common assets and providing both
compiled and minified variations.

```text
material-design-light/
└── css/
    ├── material-design-light.css
    ├── material-design-light.css.map
    └── material-design-light.min.css
```

Material Design Light provides compiled CSS (`material-design-light.*`), as well as compiled and minified
CSS (`material-design-light.min.*`). Source maps (`material-design-light.*.map`) are available for use with certain
browsers' developer tools.

## Bugs and feature requests

Have a bug or a feature request? If your problem or idea is not addressed
yet, [please open a new issue](https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/issues/new/choose).

## Contributing

Check out the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

Clone and setup the repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light.git
cd material-design-light
npm install
```

## Versioning

For transparency into the release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, Material Design Light is
maintained under the [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) guidelines.

See the [Releases](https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/releases) section of the GitHub project for
changelogs for each release version of Material Design Light.

## Copyright and license

Copyright © [Material Design Light](https://github.com/mdlightdev) 2022. All rights reserved. Material Design Light is
licensed under the terms of
the [Mozilla Public License Version 2.0](https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/blob/main/LICENSE) (MPL
2.0). All other trademarks and trade names referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners in Finland
and other countries.

Commit message:

docs(readme): added features section
Signed-off-by: Robin Lahtinen <robin.lahtinen@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<h3 align="center">Material Design Light</h3>

  <p align="center">
    CSS Framework for Material Design 3
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.materialdesignlight.com/"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/issues">Report bug</a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.materialdesignlight.com/"><img alt="Website" src="https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.materialdesignlight.com%2F"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/actions"><img alt="GitHub branch checks state" src="https://img.shields.io/github/checks-status/mdlightdev/material-design-light/main"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/blob/main/LICENSE"><img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/mdlightdev/material-design-light"></a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/material-design-light"><img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/material-design-light"></a>
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/mdlightdev/material-design-light"><img alt="Packagist Version" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/mdlightdev/material-design-light"></a>
    <a href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/MaterialDesignLight/"><img alt="Nuget" src="https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/MaterialDesignLight"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/blob/main/dist/css/material-design-light.min.css"><img alt="GitHub file size in bytes" src="https://img.shields.io/github/size/mdlightdev/material-design-light/dist/css/material-design-light.min.css?label=CSS%20minified%20size"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/blob/main/package.json"><img alt="Libraries.io dependency status for GitHub repo" src="https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/mdlightdev/material-design-light"></a>
</p>
</div>

# About

Material Design Light is a lightweight CSS framework that implements the [Material Design 3](https://m3.material.io/) to
the full extent.

The project is heavily work in progress and offers zero support or assurances on anything.

## Features

- 💅 **Material Design 3** _(Material You)_ - adheres to the latest design by Google
- 🎨 **Customizable** - with the [design tokens](./scss/tokens/sys/) you can make the framework truly yours
- ⚡ **Cutting-Edge Technology** - uses the latest CSS features allowing for zero JavaScript
- 🏎 **Lighweight** - minified version is lighter than the popular CSS frameworks
- 🤟 **No JavaScript** - framework doesn't rely on JavaScript
- 😎 **Clean HTML** - uses the _right_ elements and supports accessibility features
- 🔧 **Vanilla CSS** - compiled as "vanilla" CSS, written with SCSS superset (SASS)
- 📱 **Responsive** - works with any screen size follows the adaptive design

## Quick start

Several quick start options are available:

- [Download the latest release](https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/releases/latest)
- Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light.git`
- Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/material-design-light): `npm i material-design-light`
- Install
  with [Composer](https://packagist.org/packages/mdlightdev/material-design-light): `composer require mdlightdev/material-design-light`
- Install with [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MaterialDesignLight/): `Install-Package MaterialDesignLight`

## What's included

Within the download you'll find the following directories and files, logically grouping common assets and providing both
compiled and minified variations.

```text
material-design-light/
└── css/
    ├── material-design-light.css
    ├── material-design-light.css.map
    └── material-design-light.min.css
```

Material Design Light provides compiled CSS (`material-design-light.*`), as well as compiled and minified
CSS (`material-design-light.min.*`). Source maps (`material-design-light.*.map`) are available for use with certain
browsers' developer tools.

## Bugs and feature requests

Have a bug or a feature request? If your problem or idea is not addressed
yet, [please open a new issue](https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/issues/new/choose).

## Contributing

Check out the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

Clone and setup the repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light.git
cd material-design-light
npm install
```

## Versioning

For transparency into the release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, Material Design Light is
maintained under the [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) guidelines.

See the [Releases](https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/releases) section of the GitHub project for
changelogs for each release version of Material Design Light.

## Copyright and license

Copyright © [Material Design Light](https://github.com/mdlightdev) 2022. All rights reserved. Material Design Light is
licensed under the terms of
the [Mozilla Public License Version 2.0](https://github.com/mdlightdev/material-design-light/blob/main/LICENSE) (MPL
2.0). All other trademarks and trade names referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners in Finland
and other countries.
